.TH ant-phone 1 "27 April 2003" "Version 0.1.0" "ANT Manual Pages"
.SH NAME
ant-phone \- an interactive ISDN telephone application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ant-phone
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
ant-phone is part of ANT (ANT is Not a Telephone). It let's you make and receive telephone calls and talk via sound devices. It uses CAPI 2.0 as ISDN interface.
.SH OPTIONS
ant-phone accepts the following options:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options
.TP
.B  \-v, \-\-version
Print version information
.TP
.B  \-r, \-\-cleanup
Remove stale socket file left by accident by a previous run of ANT. You only need this option if ANT says: "local bind: Address already in use"
.TP
.BI "\-d, \-\-debug" [ = debuglevel]
Print additional runtime debugging data to stdout, debuglevel = 1..4
.TP
.BI "\-i, \-\-soundin=" device
ALSA device name for input (recording),
default: "default"
.TP
.BI "\-o, \-\-soundout=" device
ALSA device name for output (playback),
default: "default"
.TP
.BI "\-m, \-\-msn=" msn
identifying MSN (for outgoing calls), 0 for master MSN of this
termination/port,
default: 0
.TP
.BI "\-l, \-\-msns=" msns
MSNs to listen on, semicolon-separated list or '*',
default: *
.TP
.BI "\-c, \-\-call=" number
Make a running instance of ANT make a call to the specified number,
useful for calling from an external address book application
.TP
.BI "\-s, \-\-sleep"
Shut down CAPI connection to prepare for removal of broken kernel modules,
which don't survive suspend/restore.
.TP
.BI "\-w, \-\-wakeup"
Restore CAPI connection after ISDN modules loaded again. The connection will
be also restored by dialing a number, but before the connection is restored,
you won't be able to accept calls.
.SH NOTES
If the used sound devices (arguments of \-\-soundin and \-\-soundout)
are equal, a full duplex sound device is needed.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.ant-phone/history
the last dialed numbers
.TP
.I ~/.ant-phone/options
user specific options file
.TP
.I ~/.ant-phone/callerid
saved history of incoming and outgoing calls
.TP
.I ~/.ant-phone/recordings/*
recordings of recorded phone calls
.SH BUGS
Caller ID stores hangup reason localized. This will break, if someone uses
letters outside of English alphabet for translation of hangup reasons.
.SH AUTHORS
ANT was developed by Roland Stigge <stigge@antcom.de>, based on ideas from IVCALL, Copyright 2002 Lennart Poettering. G.711 handling by Sun Microsystems. Contributions by Joerg Mayer <jmayer@loplof.de>, Lars Volkhardt <Lars.Volkhardt@uni-konstanz.de>, Ivan Schreter <schreter@gmx.net>.
